The Cultural Orientation Objectives and Indicators
There's so much that refugees need to learn
about life in the U.S.
Where do we start?
Cultural Orientation, often called CO, is an education
program where refugees get information
on how to adapt to their new lives and achieve
self-sufficiency in the U.S.
CO takes place overseas and domestically.
The Cultural Orientation Objectives and Indicators,
also called the CO O&Is, help us prioritize what to teach.
They clearly outline what a refugee is expected to learn
and be able to do by the end of Cultural Orientation.
Both overseas and domestic CO repeat and build on the same topics
which creates consistent messaging
for refugees throughout the resettlement process.
This is known as the CO Continuum.
This consistent messaging improves refugees' abilities
to recall the information learned
and ultimately improves their ability to navigate life in the U.S.
You can learn more about the
CO O&Is at COResourceExchange.org.